#Linux
#ORIGIN
So it started in 1957 when Bell Labs found they needed an operating system for their computer center that at the time was running various batch jobs. The BESYS operating system was created at Bell Labs to deal with these needs. Bell Labs was adopting third generation computer equipment and decided to join forces with General Electric and MIT to create Multics (Multiplexed Information and Computing Service). By April of 1969, AT&T decided to withdraw Multics and go with GECOS. When Multics was withdrawn Ken Thompson and Dennis Ritchie needed to rewrite an operating system to play space travel on another smaller machine (a DEC PDP-7 [Programmed Data Processor 4 K memory for user programs). The result was a system that a punning colleague called UNICS (Uniplexed Information and Computing Service)--an 'emasculated Multics'. Then in the Summer of 1969 Unix was developed. Flash forward to a person named Linus Torvalds. At the time, he was a Computer Science undergraduate student at the University of Helsinki, Finland, and wanted a hobby project which he intended to release as a free OS. He had some technical differences with Minix and with its creator (Professor Andrew Tannenbaum, Computer Science, at a university in the Nederland), and so Linus wanted to do it his way and created Linux. Although very similar both languages have their branching paths but, today lets focus on linux and its commands.

-sources http://teaching.idallen.com/cst8207/11f/notes/02-Linux-History.pdf
https://www.computerhope.com/history/unix.htm